Getting Good at Asking for Help
-------------------------------

When it comes to my journey to becoming a software engineer, not only do
I have to improve my programming skills, I have to be able to help
others help me. There have been many instances already in which some
concepts such as pointers in C, and inheritance classes in Java, where I
could not fully grasp the concept and was a wall for so long. To change
this, I need to be able to collaborate with other programmers to be able
to ask for guidance. During these times, there is a certain way to offer
my questions in an appropriate way that gets me the answers that I am
looking for. Especially after reading [How to Ask Questions the Smart
Way](http://www.catb.org/esr/faqs/smart-questions.html) by Eric
Richmond, I think I am getting better at helping others to help me.

Keep it Simple & Smart
----------------------

Through the guide to asking questions the smart way, I have come to the
understanding that in order to receive help, you need to give the
potential person who will answer your question clear and concise
information without any fluff. By this, I have taken the Keep It Simple
Stupid motto into something that I can remember when asking for help:
Keep it \[questions\] simple and smart. As someone who is very new to
programming and coding in general, it can be very overwhelming to see
the types of questions being asked online. Many users add their code to
their posts and ask for very specific answers. At first it was confusing
to see for me, but then I realized that the user was merely adding the
necessary information to ask for help with one small detail of their
code. This sharply specific information given allows other users to
offer help for that specific problem, instead of giving a broad catchup
solution.

Keeping my question post to forums or discussion boards to only the
necessary information needed for the problem is the first step to
successfully earn an answer back. Now that the post is not cluttered
with extra information that makes my post look possibly unbearing to
look at, now it comes to being able to properly propose my question.
Since I brought the context to the problem I am having, the best way to
find the answer I want is to explain what exactly I am looking for in my
answer. Describing what I am trying to do and my end result that I want
to achieve is not enough information for an accurate response. I
realized through many different users' posts to discussion boards online
that usually when you do not describe the techniques you have tried to
do or explain the reasoning behind your thought process, then other
users will just give you the "just search it up" or another backhanded
comment to tell you to find it yourself. To prevent this, it's best to
give what your initial experiences and thoughts about the problem are,
and then ask for a step in the right direction from others. This way,
other users are more inclined to respond as you seem like a charming
fellow who is willing to learn (which I am).

The User who K.I.S.S'd
----------------------

As I was searching through [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/)
to see how other users have proposed their questions to the site, I came
across this user who was upvoted and voted many times over in the span
of 13 years and 3 months that it was posted. The poster's question
seemed for simple for something to be asked on Stack Overflow, but
that's the point; the user kept it simple and smart. The user asked
about what the keyword yield did in the python coding language. This
seems like a trivial question which might attract trivial answers, but
no "google is your friend!" comments arrived.

The user took the question further than just merely asking what the
yield keyword did. Anyone could search it up, even the user knew that.
However, the user was able to create a situation in which yield was
used. They showed clear and concise code in which the yield keyword is
used. They then proposed their goal, which was to understand how the
yield keyword interacts with the functions they provided. The user even
asked several different questions regarding their expectations that the
yield keyword could be doing.

The question was kept simple and smart. It showed that the user has done
some reading up on the topic at hand, but still needed that extra push
from others to be able to fully grasp the yield keyword. Thus, the top
accepted answer was by someone who saw the K.I.S.S question, and saw it
as an appropriate question worth giving full effort in answering. It
showed that the user wanted to learn about the subject, and because of
the way in which it was proposed, it would go on to help other users who
had the same question of wondering how the yield keyword works in
python. Through this one user's K.I.S.S question, they got a detailed
explanation of the iteration process, as well as how it relates to the
example that the original poster gave. If you want to see the user that
K.I.S.S'd StackOverflow in a positive way, you can find them
[here](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/231767/what-does-the-yield-keyword-do).

The user who didn't K.I.S.S
---------------------------

Although I've seen a poster who definitely K.I.S.S', I kept searching
for another poster who was like me and didn't know how to K.I.S.S to see
how a post that was not simple nor smart fared against users who are not
afraid to tell people how it is for not researching their question
enough before posting. I definitely do not want to be seen as someone
who can't K.I.S.S, so here is an example that I found of someone who
could have potentially been me had I posted without knowing how to
K.I.S.S. In this case, the poster was trying to do something similar to
the poster who does K.I.S.S, but the contents of their post shows that
this was a feeble attempt to gain a quick answer to a problem. This
poster was trying to ask about how to add nodes in a linked list in C++.
In this case, the user also included their code, but the flaw in their
post lies in the way that they asked their question. "Can someone help
me," was the straw that broke the camel's back.

That user could have been me had I not known how to ask K.I.S.S
questions. Users who took the time to even answer the poster's question
did not even give an answer, but linked to another version of "how to
create smart questions". From looking at it, the poster seemed to have
not tried to research linked lists in general, and was seeking people
online to answer their problem for them. The way that they asked how to
add to the linked list for different situations showed that they didn't
want an instance explained to them, but for someone to do their problem
for them. Even if that was not their intention, it certainly came off
that way to other users. The code that the poster used was the complete
code, and not just the add node function, so it seems that the poster
did a lazy attempt to find a solution for their problem that they did
not research for themselves. This post got 3 downvotes and has had the
mortar fire of comments recommending them to draw out the problem
himself shows how bad reception can be if you do not K.I.S.S. The user's
post example can be found
[here](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/59777469/adding-list-items-or-nodes-in-linked-list).
